what is up all the Seven Sisters of
sleep this album came out on a 389
records on vinyl and on CD it came out
on Southern Lord records in 2011 the
Seven Sisters of sleep are five pace
from Orange County California and they
play a mixture of sludge metal and
metallic hardcore and the band gets
their name from the book of the same
title Seven Sisters of sleep which was
written in 1860 and it's about drug use
throughout the ages and even though
authorities throughout the globe had
harsh penalties for drug use even for
tobacco use including disfigurement as
one of the penalties drug use has always
been on the rise and the Seven Sisters
of sleep the book tells about everything
that went on back in the day throughout
the ages and I'm very very interested to
get my hands on this book this stuff
this type of literature interests the
hell out of me and it's very cool of the
band named themselves after this book
because I would not have found out about
this book that wasn't for the band the
Seven Sisters of sleep and the band have
a very misanthropic sound combining
crust sludge with the darker side of
metallic hardcore just think I hate God
meets integrity and the guitar riffs on
here very heavily distorted creating
very thick jagged and distorted damaged
feedback and that combines with the bass
work which is very dense sounding and
rubbery creates a very fucking beautiful
ugly sound drum sound live very raw
and I'm loving the drum production on
here and they sound just outright brutal
and the vocals are yelled at full force
from like the pit of the stomach just
yelling at the top of their lungs and
sound very monotone cold vulgar and just
full of distaste and it puts a goddamn
smile on my face hearing this vocal
style resurfaced and an example from a
track where all of this is working in
unison is with tracks swamp which
immediately starts just tearing all
things apart and it's very beginning
that circle pit speeds and then dips
into these deep pits of sludge and then
out again and then and then on the track
Christmas morning drums go absolutely
mad and rip into fits of grind
throughout the waves of swampy sludge
this album is pretty short it's only 19
minutes in length but I'm hoping this
album will turn some heads I know
there's a lot of people that dislike
hardcore for whatever that reason maybe
I think it's from the younger generation
that you know we're introduced into
hardcore through mt b 2 and headbangers
ball which is a fucking shit TV show
that is not metal for the most part yeah
they play converge every once in a while
and I appreciate that but the style of
hardcore that great gained a lot of
popularity i would say between 2000 and
now it's just absolutely trash
especially the popular stuff if you
really don't want to get into hardcore
you know i would be more than happy to
recommend some hardcore bands that would
get you into the genre the underground
stuff they're really really good stuff
but yeah i highly recommend checking
this album out sorry too eager a little
bit off a track towards the end of this
but um yeah very is a very misanthropic
ugly meaning
spirited hardcore act and sludge metal
act the two combined and highly
recommend people in this record out it
it's the Seven Sisters of sleep and this
is our self-titled record which came out
on a 389 on vinyl and southern Lord
records on CD in 2011 definitely peep
this out I check out the description box
below where I'm going to link a ton of
tracks from this album so you can pick
them out live footage of them playing
live and interviews with the band and an
interesting thing they did with the
tracks from this album there's a video
for just about every single track from
this album and I'm going to link all
those that I can find in the description
box below definitely peep this out thank
you guys for watching that you guys are
subscribing and I'll see you guys next
time
you